Read twitter home feed, favorite posts that make me chuckle.

<<Get home stream
	Convert to array if necessary
	iterate through stream
	if passes chuckle factor
	console.log(haha)
	add favorite

	getFrequency:
		get number of seconds between first and most recent favorite
		divide by number of favorites
		setInterval(result*1000);	

	Challenge: how to evaluate chuckle factor?

		For each tweet:
			check if tweet is from list of people who have made pre-favorited tweets  (more favorites per user = higher influence)
			check if tweet has an image or link
			check how many times tweet has already been favorited by people I follow
			add those up to determine favorite likelihood
			generate random number
			check if number beats likelyhood
				favorite
			else no favorite

Retweet posts that have links to important things.

Respond or favorite when people mention me.

Follow people followed by at least 15 people I already follow.

Follow people who mention "web development", "digital art", "phd", "game development", "critic", "writer", "art"&&"technology" in their descriptions.

	Get interval: get number of milliseconds since creation of account. Get number of people I follow
	interval = age/numFriends
	
	Get home feed
	compare user names to list of people I follow
	if not found, evaluate description and tweets
		if good concepts/keywords found, then follow

	MAYBE BETTER IDEA - comparing concepts and keywords
		is a crap shoot. Identifiable phrases = usernames I follow.
		Maybe look through tweets for mentions of my friends,
		more mentions = more likely to follow?

	Best idea: get list of suggested users.
			   check how many of my friends follow each.
			   Create weighted array.
			   randomly select a user to follow.

The above + female = more likely to follow

The above plus follow people I follow = more likely to follow

Tweet things about my day (maybe get feed from google location services to know where I am?)

Tweet things about technology and art and programming and games and game development (make new tweets from my speech patterns + what is trending among my friends?)